Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2403.10081

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computation and Language
[Submitted on 15 Mar 2024 (v1), last revised 21 Sep 2024 (this version, v3)]
DRAGIN: Dynamic Retrieval Augmented Generation based on the Information Needs of Large Language Models
Weihang Su, Yichen Tang, Qingyao Ai, Zhijing Wu, Yiqun Liu
Dynamic retrieval augmented generation (RAG) paradigm actively decides when and what to retrieve during the text generation process of Large Language Models (LLMs). There are two key elements of this paradigm: identifying the optimal moment to activate the retrieval module (deciding when to retrieve) and crafting the appropriate query once retrieval is triggered (determining what to retrieve). However, current dynamic RAG methods fall short in both aspects. Firstly, the strategies for deciding when to retrieve often rely on static rules. Moreover, the strategies for deciding what to retrieve typically limit themselves to the LLM's most recent sentence or the last few tokens, while the LLM's real-time information needs may span across the entire context. To overcome these limitations, we introduce a new framework, DRAGIN, i.e., Dynamic Retrieval Augmented Generation based on the real-time Information Needs of LLMs. Our framework is specifically designed to make decisions on when and what to retrieve based on the LLM's real-time information needs during the text generation process. We evaluate DRAGIN along with existing methods comprehensively over 4 knowledge-intensive generation datasets. Experimental results show that DRAGIN achieves superior performance on all tasks, demonstrating the effectiveness of our method. We have open-sourced all the code, data, and models in GitHub: this https URL
Subjects:	Computation and Language (cs.CL); Information Retrieval (cs.IR)
Cite as:	arXiv:2403.10081 [cs.CL]
 	(or arXiv:2403.10081v3 [cs.CL] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2403.10081
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Weihang Su [view email]
[v1] Fri, 15 Mar 2024 07:45:37 UTC (8,015 KB)
[v2] Wed, 5 Jun 2024 18:44:59 UTC (8,017 KB)
[v3] Sat, 21 Sep 2024 08:27:16 UTC (8,018 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
HTML (experimental)
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CL
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2024-03
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.IR

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack