Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2309.10469

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Information Retrieval
[Submitted on 19 Sep 2023]
RUEL: Retrieval-Augmented User Representation with Edge Browser Logs for Sequential Recommendation
Ning Wu, Ming Gong, Linjun Shou, Jian Pei, Daxin Jiang
Online recommender systems (RS) aim to match user needs with the vast amount of resources available on various platforms. A key challenge is to model user preferences accurately under the condition of data sparsity. To address this challenge, some methods have leveraged external user behavior data from multiple platforms to enrich user representation. However, all of these methods require a consistent user ID across platforms and ignore the information from similar users. In this study, we propose RUEL, a novel retrieval-based sequential recommender that can effectively incorporate external anonymous user behavior data from Edge browser logs to enhance recommendation. We first collect and preprocess a large volume of Edge browser logs over a one-year period and link them to target entities that correspond to candidate items in recommendation datasets. We then design a contrastive learning framework with a momentum encoder and a memory bank to retrieve the most relevant and diverse browsing sequences from the full browsing log based on the semantic similarity between user representations. After retrieval, we apply an item-level attentive selector to filter out noisy items and generate refined sequence embeddings for the final predictor. RUEL is the first method that connects user browsing data with typical recommendation datasets and can be generalized to various recommendation scenarios and datasets. We conduct extensive experiments on four real datasets for sequential recommendation tasks and demonstrate that RUEL significantly outperforms state-of-the-art baselines. We also conduct ablation studies and qualitative analysis to validate the effectiveness of each component of RUEL and provide additional insights into our method.
Comments:	CIKM 2023 ADS
Subjects:	Information Retrieval (cs.IR)
Cite as:	arXiv:2309.10469 [cs.IR]
 	(or arXiv:2309.10469v1 [cs.IR] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2309.10469
Focus to learn more

Related DOI:	
https://doi.org/10.1145/3583780.3615498
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Ning Wu [view email]
[v1] Tue, 19 Sep 2023 09:37:56 UTC (2,481 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.IR
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-09
Change to browse by:
cs

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack