Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2401.11742

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Information Retrieval
[Submitted on 22 Jan 2024 (v1), last revised 16 Jul 2024 (this version, v3)]
SciConNav: Knowledge navigation through contextual learning of extensive scientific research trajectories
Shibing Xiang, Xin Jiang, Bing Liu, Yurui Huang, Chaolin Tian, Yifang Ma
New knowledge builds upon existing foundations, which means an interdependent relationship exists between knowledge, manifested in the historical development of the scientific system for hundreds of years. By leveraging natural language processing techniques, this study introduces the Scientific Concept Navigator (SciConNav), an embedding-based navigation model to infer the "knowledge pathway" from the research trajectories of millions of scholars. We validate that the learned representations effectively delineate disciplinary boundaries and capture the intricate relationships between diverse concepts. The utility of the inferred navigation space is showcased through multiple applications. Firstly, we demonstrated the multi-step analogy inferences within the knowledge space and the interconnectivity between concepts in different disciplines. Secondly, we formulated the attribute dimensions of knowledge across domains, observing the distributional shifts in the arrangement of 19 disciplines along these conceptual dimensions, including "Theoretical" to "Applied", and "Chemical" to "Biomedical', highlighting the evolution of functional attributes within knowledge domains. Lastly, by analyzing the high-dimensional knowledge network structure, we found that knowledge connects with shorter global pathways, and interdisciplinary knowledge plays a critical role in the accessibility of the global knowledge network. Our framework offers a novel approach to mining knowledge inheritance pathways in extensive scientific literature, which is of great significance for understanding scientific progression patterns, tailoring scientific learning trajectories, and accelerating scientific progress.
Comments:	21pages, 13 figures, 6 tables
Subjects:	Information Retrieval (cs.IR); Digital Libraries (cs.DL); Applications (stat.AP)
Cite as:	arXiv:2401.11742 [cs.IR]
 	(or arXiv:2401.11742v3 [cs.IR] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2401.11742
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Shibing Xiang [view email]
[v1] Mon, 22 Jan 2024 08:00:49 UTC (3,416 KB)
[v2] Sun, 28 Jan 2024 03:44:01 UTC (3,416 KB)
[v3] Tue, 16 Jul 2024 08:44:56 UTC (24,904 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
HTML (experimental)
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.IR
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2024-01
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.DL
stat
stat.AP

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack