Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2309.17421

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
[Submitted on 29 Sep 2023 (v1), last revised 11 Oct 2023 (this version, v2)]
The Dawn of LMMs: Preliminary Explorations with GPT-4V(ision)
Zhengyuan Yang, Linjie Li, Kevin Lin, Jianfeng Wang, Chung-Ching Lin, Zicheng Liu, Lijuan Wang
Large multimodal models (LMMs) extend large language models (LLMs) with multi-sensory skills, such as visual understanding, to achieve stronger generic intelligence. In this paper, we analyze the latest model, GPT-4V(ision), to deepen the understanding of LMMs. The analysis focuses on the intriguing tasks that GPT-4V can perform, containing test samples to probe the quality and genericity of GPT-4V's capabilities, its supported inputs and working modes, and the effective ways to prompt the model. In our approach to exploring GPT-4V, we curate and organize a collection of carefully designed qualitative samples spanning a variety of domains and tasks. Observations from these samples demonstrate that GPT-4V's unprecedented ability in processing arbitrarily interleaved multimodal inputs and the genericity of its capabilities together make GPT-4V a powerful multimodal generalist system. Furthermore, GPT-4V's unique capability of understanding visual markers drawn on input images can give rise to new human-computer interaction methods such as visual referring prompting. We conclude the report with in-depth discussions on the emerging application scenarios and the future research directions for GPT-4V-based systems. We hope that this preliminary exploration will inspire future research on the next-generation multimodal task formulation, new ways to exploit and enhance LMMs to solve real-world problems, and gaining better understanding of multimodal foundation models. Finally, we acknowledge that the model under our study is solely the product of OpenAI's innovative work, and they should be fully credited for its development. Please see the GPT-4V contributions paper for the authorship and credit attribution: this https URL
Subjects:	Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (cs.CV); Computation and Language (cs.CL)
Cite as:	arXiv:2309.17421 [cs.CV]
 	(or arXiv:2309.17421v2 [cs.CV] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2309.17421
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Zhengyuan Yang [view email]
[v1] Fri, 29 Sep 2023 17:34:51 UTC (41,898 KB)
[v2] Wed, 11 Oct 2023 05:07:37 UTC (41,899 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CV
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-09
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.CL

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack