Safety and warning information for this product is available on the Mac mini user guide: [https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/mac-mini/welcome/mac (opens in a new window)](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/mac-mini/welcome/mac)

Manufacturer: Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014, U.S.A.  
Responsible person in EU: Apple Distribution International Limited, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Cork, Ireland  
[apple.com (opens in a new window)](https://apple.com/)

**Footnote \*\*\*\* Barclays Terms and Conditions**

**Important: Your delivery address and billing address must match to apply for financing.**

Important: If you choose financing, the delivery date in bag and checkout may not apply. Your delivery date may be later due to the time required to process your financing application. When your application is approved, you will receive an email with the updated delivery date. [Terms & Conditions.](https://www.apple.com/uk/shop/browse/financing/terms)

If Barclays are unable to verify customers electronically, then Barclays may ask the customer to provide documentation to prove their identity. Apple Retail UK Limited acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers. Barclays Partner Finance, which is a trading name of Clydesdale Financial Services Limited, a member of the Barclays Group. Clydesdale Financial Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Register number: 311753). Registered in England. Registered No: 2901725. Registered office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. Our Trading address: PO Box 2501, Cardiff CF23 0FP.

**PayPal Credit Terms and Conditions**

Finance provided by PayPal Credit. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only, Apple Retail UK Limited acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of Finance Providers. PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal UK Ltd, Whittaker House, Whittaker Avenue, Richmond-Upon-Thames, Surrey, United Kingdom, TW9 1EH. If you apply and are approved for PayPal Credit, you can use the credit limit granted to pay for today’s purchase and future purchases up to your credit limit. Apple Store Instalments purchases qualify for 14.9% p.a for a fixed period depending on the length of the term selected.

Consumer finance on the Apple Online Store is brokered by Apple Retail UK Limited, which acts as a credit broker and not the lender. Apple offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers and Barclays Partner Finance, which is a trading name of Clydesdale Financial Services Limited, a member of the Barclays Group. Clydesdale Financial Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Register number: 311753). Registered in England. Registered no.: 2901725. Registered office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. Subject to application and status. Full terms apply.

Barclays Partner Finance Eligibility Criteria apply. On the date of the application, applicants must be aged 18 or over. You must have lived permanently in the UK for the last three years (i.e. must provide three years of UK address history or up to the last three UK addresses). You must have a UK bank account from which direct debits can be taken, and a valid UK mobile number and email address are mandatory for applying for a finance application. If you do not have a valid email address, you will not be able to apply for the finance. You must not be subject to Bankruptcy or a Debt Relief Order (or Scottish equivalent). You must also be either in permanent employment, which provides regular sustainable income of at least £6,000 per year, self-employed (upon request you may need to provide proof of income, for example a recent bank statement and/or SA302), retired from regular employment (Barclays may need to see proof of your pension or income), or receiving certain Department for Work and Pensions benefits that provide regular sustainable income. For information: the credit check carried out will consider additional information relating to the performance of previous or existing commitments and any county court judgements.

Subject to application, financial circumstances and borrowing history.

Customers who are approved for finance on qualifying Apple Online Store for Consumer purchases will pay 14.9% APR for 12, 24 or 36 months on a minimum order value of £299 including VAT, purchased with or without related Apple-branded accessories and software. Maximum order value is £50,000 including VAT. Third-party products may only be purchased in conjunction with the Apple hardware, but their value may not exceed one third of the total value of the financing. To receive consumer finance on the Apple Online Store, customers must make a qualifying purchase AND obtain the financial services provided by Barclays Partner Finance. The completed contract has to be received by Barclays Partner Finance no later than 10 days after the promotion has finished. Purchases on the Apple Store for Education or Business are not eligible for the Promotion. Apple reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

Representative example for 36 month order: £1,200 purchase. Deposit £0. Annual rate of interest 14.9% p.a. Representative APR: 14.9% APR. Total amount of credit £1,200 paid over 36 months as 36 monthly payments of £41.00 at 14.9% p.a. Total amount payable £1,476.

\*\* Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied towards a qualifying new device purchase or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when the estimate was made. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID. Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Desktop computer trade‑in is currently only available online and some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel or limit the quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.

∆ Apple Intelligence is available in beta on all Mac models with M1 and later, with Siri and device language set to English (Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, UK or US), as a macOS Sequoia software update. Additional features and languages will be available in April, with more languages coming over the course of the year. Languages supported in 2025 include Chinese, English (India, Singapore), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Spanish and Vietnamese.

∆∆ Learn more at [apple.com/uk/2030](https://www.apple.com/uk/2030).

° Apple TV+ offer available to new and qualified returning subscribers only. £8.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple Account and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices that you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV+ 3 months free or 1 year free offer. Offer valid for three months after eligible device is activated. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other [terms](https://www.apple.com/uk/promo) apply.

^ 7-day free trial for new subscribers only. £8.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply.

We use your location to show you delivery options faster. We found your location using your IP address or because you entered it during a previous visit to Apple.