Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2309.17446

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computation and Language
[Submitted on 29 Sep 2023 (v1), last revised 2 Oct 2023 (this version, v2)]
L2CEval: Evaluating Language-to-Code Generation Capabilities of Large Language Models
Ansong Ni, Pengcheng Yin, Yilun Zhao, Martin Riddell, Troy Feng, Rui Shen, Stephen Yin, Ye Liu, Semih Yavuz, Caiming Xiong, Shafiq Joty, Yingbo Zhou, Dragomir Radev, Arman Cohan
Recently, large language models (LLMs), especially those that are pretrained on code, have demonstrated strong capabilities in generating programs from natural language inputs in a few-shot or even zero-shot manner. Despite promising results, there is a notable lack of a comprehensive evaluation of these models language-to-code generation capabilities. Existing studies often focus on specific tasks, model architectures, or learning paradigms, leading to a fragmented understanding of the overall landscape. In this work, we present L2CEval, a systematic evaluation of the language-to-code generation capabilities of LLMs on 7 tasks across the domain spectrum of semantic parsing, math reasoning and Python programming, analyzing the factors that potentially affect their performance, such as model size, pretraining data, instruction tuning, and different prompting methods. In addition to assessing model performance, we measure confidence calibration for the models and conduct human evaluations of the output programs. This enables us to identify and analyze the typical failure modes across various tasks and models. L2CEval offers a comprehensive understanding of the capabilities and limitations of LLMs in language-to-code generation. We also release the evaluation framework and all model outputs, hoping to lay the groundwork for further future research in this domain.
Comments:	Project Website: this https URL
Subjects:	Computation and Language (cs.CL); Machine Learning (cs.LG); Programming Languages (cs.PL); Software Engineering (cs.SE)
Cite as:	arXiv:2309.17446 [cs.CL]
 	(or arXiv:2309.17446v2 [cs.CL] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2309.17446
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Ansong Ni [view email]
[v1] Fri, 29 Sep 2023 17:57:00 UTC (2,716 KB)
[v2] Mon, 2 Oct 2023 09:54:50 UTC (2,716 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CL
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-09
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.LG
cs.PL
cs.SE

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack