Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2308.11761

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computation and Language
[Submitted on 17 Aug 2023]
KnowledGPT: Enhancing Large Language Models with Retrieval and Storage Access on Knowledge Bases
Xintao Wang, Qianwen Yang, Yongting Qiu, Jiaqing Liang, Qianyu He, Zhouhong Gu, Yanghua Xiao, Wei Wang
Large language models (LLMs) have demonstrated impressive impact in the field of natural language processing, but they still struggle with several issues regarding, such as completeness, timeliness, faithfulness and adaptability. While recent efforts have focuses on connecting LLMs with external knowledge sources, the integration of knowledge bases (KBs) remains understudied and faces several challenges. In this paper, we introduce KnowledGPT, a comprehensive framework to bridge LLMs with various knowledge bases, facilitating both the retrieval and storage of knowledge. The retrieval process employs the program of thought prompting, which generates search language for KBs in code format with pre-defined functions for KB operations. Besides retrieval, KnowledGPT offers the capability to store knowledge in a personalized KB, catering to individual user demands. With extensive experiments, we show that by integrating LLMs with KBs, KnowledGPT properly answers a broader range of questions requiring world knowledge compared with vanilla LLMs, utilizing both knowledge existing in widely-known KBs and extracted into personalized KBs.
Comments:	21 pages, 10 figures
Subjects:	Computation and Language (cs.CL); Artificial Intelligence (cs.AI)
Cite as:	arXiv:2308.11761 [cs.CL]
 	(or arXiv:2308.11761v1 [cs.CL] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2308.11761
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Xintao Wang [view email]
[v1] Thu, 17 Aug 2023 13:07:00 UTC (9,204 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CL
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-08
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.AI

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack