Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2403.02164

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Artificial Intelligence
[Submitted on 4 Mar 2024 (v1), last revised 5 Mar 2024 (this version, v2)]
Cognition is All You Need -- The Next Layer of AI Above Large Language Models
Nova Spivack, Sam Douglas, Michelle Crames, Tim Connors
Recent studies of the applications of conversational AI tools, such as chatbots powered by large language models, to complex real-world knowledge work have shown limitations related to reasoning and multi-step problem solving. Specifically, while existing chatbots simulate shallow reasoning and understanding they are prone to errors as problem complexity increases. The failure of these systems to address complex knowledge work is due to the fact that they do not perform any actual cognition. In this position paper, we present Cognitive AI, a higher-level framework for implementing programmatically defined neuro-symbolic cognition above and outside of large language models. Specifically, we propose a dual-layer functional architecture for Cognitive AI that serves as a roadmap for AI systems that can perform complex multi-step knowledge work. We propose that Cognitive AI is a necessary precursor for the evolution of higher forms of AI, such as AGI, and specifically claim that AGI cannot be achieved by probabilistic approaches on their own. We conclude with a discussion of the implications for large language models, adoption cycles in AI, and commercial Cognitive AI development.
Comments:	63 pages, 18 figures
Subjects:	Artificial Intelligence (cs.AI); Multiagent Systems (cs.MA)
ACM classes:	I.2.0
Cite as:	arXiv:2403.02164 [cs.AI]
 	(or arXiv:2403.02164v2 [cs.AI] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2403.02164
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Nova Spivack [view email]
[v1] Mon, 4 Mar 2024 16:11:57 UTC (2,924 KB)
[v2] Tue, 5 Mar 2024 10:23:52 UTC (2,924 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.AI
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2024-03
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.MA

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack