Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2310.01726

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Software Engineering
[Submitted on 3 Oct 2023]
Large Language Models for Test-Free Fault Localization
Aidan Z.H. Yang, Ruben Martins, Claire Le Goues, Vincent J. Hellendoorn
Fault Localization (FL) aims to automatically localize buggy lines of code, a key first step in many manual and automatic debugging tasks. Previous FL techniques assume the provision of input tests, and often require extensive program analysis, program instrumentation, or data preprocessing. Prior work on deep learning for APR struggles to learn from small datasets and produces limited results on real-world programs. Inspired by the ability of large language models (LLMs) of code to adapt to new tasks based on very few examples, we investigate the applicability of LLMs to line level fault localization. Specifically, we propose to overcome the left-to-right nature of LLMs by fine-tuning a small set of bidirectional adapter layers on top of the representations learned by LLMs to produce LLMAO, the first language model based fault localization approach that locates buggy lines of code without any test coverage information. We fine-tune LLMs with 350 million, 6 billion, and 16 billion parameters on small, manually curated corpora of buggy programs such as the Defects4J corpus. We observe that our technique achieves substantially more confidence in fault localization when built on the larger models, with bug localization performance scaling consistently with the LLM size. Our empirical evaluation shows that LLMAO improves the Top-1 results over the state-of-the-art machine learning fault localization (MLFL) baselines by 2.3%-54.4%, and Top-5 results by 14.4%-35.6%. LLMAO is also the first FL technique trained using a language model architecture that can detect security vulnerabilities down to the code line level.
Subjects:	Software Engineering (cs.SE); Machine Learning (cs.LG)
Cite as:	arXiv:2310.01726 [cs.SE]
 	(or arXiv:2310.01726v1 [cs.SE] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2310.01726
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Aidan Yang [view email]
[v1] Tue, 3 Oct 2023 01:26:39 UTC (2,186 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.SE
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-10
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.LG

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack