Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2402.13623

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computation and Language
[Submitted on 21 Feb 2024]
FLAME: Self-Supervised Low-Resource Taxonomy Expansion using Large Language Models
Sahil Mishra, Ujjwal Sudev, Tanmoy Chakraborty
Taxonomies represent an arborescence hierarchical structure that establishes relationships among entities to convey knowledge within a specific domain. Each edge in the taxonomy signifies a hypernym-hyponym relationship. Taxonomies find utility in various real-world applications, such as e-commerce search engines and recommendation systems. Consequently, there arises a necessity to enhance these taxonomies over time. However, manually curating taxonomies with neoteric data presents challenges due to limitations in available human resources and the exponential growth of data. Therefore, it becomes imperative to develop automatic taxonomy expansion methods. Traditional supervised taxonomy expansion approaches encounter difficulties stemming from limited resources, primarily due to the small size of existing taxonomies. This scarcity of training data often leads to overfitting. In this paper, we propose FLAME, a novel approach for taxonomy expansion in low-resource environments by harnessing the capabilities of large language models that are trained on extensive real-world knowledge. LLMs help compensate for the scarcity of domain-specific knowledge. Specifically, FLAME leverages prompting in few-shot settings to extract the inherent knowledge within the LLMs, ascertaining the hypernym entities within the taxonomy. Furthermore, it employs reinforcement learning to fine-tune the large language models, resulting in more accurate predictions. Experiments on three real-world benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of FLAME in real-world scenarios, achieving a remarkable improvement of 18.5% in accuracy and 12.3% in Wu & Palmer metric over eight baselines. Furthermore, we elucidate the strengths and weaknesses of FLAME through an extensive case study, error analysis and ablation studies on the benchmarks.
Subjects:	Computation and Language (cs.CL); Social and Information Networks (cs.SI)
Cite as:	arXiv:2402.13623 [cs.CL]
 	(or arXiv:2402.13623v1 [cs.CL] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2402.13623
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Sahil Mishra [view email]
[v1] Wed, 21 Feb 2024 08:50:40 UTC (770 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
HTML (experimental)
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CL
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2024-02
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.SI

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack