Skip to main content

In just 3 minutes help us improve arXiv:

Annual Global Survey
We gratefully acknowledge support from the Simons Foundation, member institutions, and all contributors.
Donate
>
cs
>
arXiv:2309.08872

Help | Advanced Search

All fields
Title
Author
Abstract
Comments
Journal reference
ACM classification
MSC classification
Report number
arXiv identifier
DOI
ORCID
arXiv author ID
Help pages
Full text
Search
Computer Science > Computation and Language
[Submitted on 16 Sep 2023 (v1), last revised 8 Nov 2023 (this version, v2)]
PDFTriage: Question Answering over Long, Structured Documents
Jon Saad-Falcon, Joe Barrow, Alexa Siu, Ani Nenkova, David Seunghyun Yoon, Ryan A. Rossi, Franck Dernoncourt
Large Language Models (LLMs) have issues with document question answering (QA) in situations where the document is unable to fit in the small context length of an LLM. To overcome this issue, most existing works focus on retrieving the relevant context from the document, representing them as plain text. However, documents such as PDFs, web pages, and presentations are naturally structured with different pages, tables, sections, and so on. Representing such structured documents as plain text is incongruous with the user's mental model of these documents with rich structure. When a system has to query the document for context, this incongruity is brought to the fore, and seemingly trivial questions can trip up the QA system. To bridge this fundamental gap in handling structured documents, we propose an approach called PDFTriage that enables models to retrieve the context based on either structure or content. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed PDFTriage-augmented models across several classes of questions where existing retrieval-augmented LLMs fail. To facilitate further research on this fundamental problem, we release our benchmark dataset consisting of 900+ human-generated questions over 80 structured documents from 10 different categories of question types for document QA. Our code and datasets will be released soon on Github.
Subjects:	Computation and Language (cs.CL); Artificial Intelligence (cs.AI); Machine Learning (cs.LG)
Cite as:	arXiv:2309.08872 [cs.CL]
 	(or arXiv:2309.08872v2 [cs.CL] for this version)
 	
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2309.08872
Focus to learn more
Submission history
From: Jon Saad-Falcon [view email]
[v1] Sat, 16 Sep 2023 04:29:05 UTC (5,748 KB)
[v2] Wed, 8 Nov 2023 05:09:28 UTC (5,748 KB)

Access Paper:
View PDF
TeX Source
Other Formats
view license
Current browse context:
cs.CL
< prev   |   next >

new | recent | 2023-09
Change to browse by:
cs
cs.AI
cs.LG

References & Citations
NASA ADS
Google Scholar
Semantic Scholar
Export BibTeX Citation
Bookmark
 
Bibliographic Tools
Bibliographic and Citation Tools
Bibliographic Explorer Toggle
Bibliographic Explorer (What is the Explorer?)
Connected Papers Toggle
Connected Papers (What is Connected Papers?)
Litmaps Toggle
Litmaps (What is Litmaps?)
scite.ai Toggle
scite Smart Citations (What are Smart Citations?)
Code, Data, Media
Demos
Related Papers
About arXivLabs
Which authors of this paper are endorsers? | Disable MathJax (What is MathJax?)
About
Help
Contact
Subscribe
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Web Accessibility Assistance

arXiv Operational Status 
Get status notifications via email or slack